this is a one-off
it's a short time frame let me be
crystal clear for this fee it is
delicate special outcome demanded by
client
you're a professional an expert devoted
to timing and precision
you keep your tools in pristine
condition you make
precise plans but there's always
events you can't control
[Music]
collateral damage it happens you know
that
some of us will hear those cries of
anguish
and horror for all eternity
you know what you want and what's that
maybe something to eat instead
what do you want something was off about
the deputy
it's really simple when you think about
it cannot be killed
you know the rules do not rush
do not hesitate do not
get distracted something on your mind i
had one last loose end
loose end something personal
we're killing machines that's what we do
tell me
who sent you and now you're just
catching up
go back a long way do not put me in a
bad position
[Music]
you